Airline Analysis
In this project, you’ll imagine that you work for a travel agency and need to know the ins and outs of airline prices for your clients. You want to make sure that you can find the best deal for your client and help them to understand how airline prices change based on different factors.

You decide to look into your favorite airline. The data include:

miles: miles traveled through the flight
passengers: number of passengers on the flight
delay: take-off delay in minutes
inflight_meal: is there a meal included in the flight?
inflight_entertainment: are there free entertainment systems for each seat?
inflight_wifi: is there complimentary wifi on the flight?
day_of_week: day of the week of the flight
weekend: did this flight take place on a weekend
coach_price: the average price paid for a coach ticket
firstclass_price: the average price paid for first-class seats
hours: how many hours the flight took
redeye: was this flight a redeye (overnight)?
In this project, you’ll explore a dataset for the first time and get to know each of these features. Keep in mind that there’s no one right way to address each of these questions. The goal is simply to explore and get to know the data using whatever methods come to mind.


Univariate Analysis
1.
What do coach ticket prices look like? What are the high and low values? What would be considered average? Does $500 seem like a good price for a coach ticket?

2.
Now visualize the coach ticket prices for flights that are 8 hours long. What are the high, low, and average prices for 8-hour-long flights? Does a $500 ticket seem more reasonable than before?

3.
How are flight delay times distributed? Let’s say there is a short amount of time between two connecting flights, and a flight delay would put the client at risk of missing their connecting flight. You want to better understand how often there are large delays so you can correctly set up connecting flights. What kinds of delays are typical?

Bivariate Analysis
4.
Create a visualization that shows the relationship between coach and first-class prices. What is the relationship between these two prices? Do flights with higher coach prices always have higher first-class prices as well?

5.
What is the relationship between coach prices and inflight features— inflight meal, inflight entertainment, and inflight WiFi? Which features are associated with the highest increase in price?

6.
How does the number of passengers change in relation to the length of flights?

Multivariate Analysis
7.
Visualize the relationship between coach and first-class prices on weekends compared to weekdays.

8.
How do coach prices differ for redeyes and non-redeyes on each day of the week?